Lineage groups, but to the right branch (#36)
sanger-tol/busco: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [[0.3.0](https://github.com/sanger-tol/busco/releases/tag/0.3.0)] – Lincolnshire – [2026-05-XX]

### Enhancements & fixes

- Lineage handling has been improved to support:
  - `ALL` - Which runs all lineages found in the lineage directory
  - `odb{int}` - Which runs all lineages with the suffix `odb{int}`
  - `{lineage}` - Without the `odb` suffix, will find the odbs with the prefix `{lineage}`
  - "{lineage}\_odb{int},{lineage}\_odb{int}" - Lists are still supported

>   - All options, other than providing a list, are not supported without also using the `--busco_db` option.

Reviewer: To avoid the double-negative
```suggestion
  - All options, other than providing a list, require the `--busco_db` parameter to point at an existing download of the BUSCO lineages database.
```
